=Name

bencview_clean--cleans a list of announce trackers & replaces main
announce tracker.


==Synopsis

 bencview [options] file [file ...]


==Description

The bencview_clean utility reads a torrent file and creates a 'cleaner'
copy of it (with <tt>.CLEANER.torrent</tt> extension) to give you an
ability to download staff from such idiotic bittorent trackers which
require 'rating' or other bullshit to participate. (For example,
http://rutracker.org)

If a creator of the torrent file has disabled DHT (because he is a
moron), you will not able to use the 'cleaner' version of the torrent
file. Sorry.

The options are as follows:

-a URL::                    An announce tracker URL.

--config-dirs::             List all possible locations for the
                            configuration file. The first found wins.

--config NAME::             The name of the configuration file. If
                            it contains <tt>/</tt> in it, the list from
                            <tt>--config-dirs</tt> is ignored.

-V::                        Show bencview_clean version and exit.

-v::                        Be more verbose. You can supply it several
                            times, viz. <tt>-vv</tt> dumps even more
                            debug info.


==Configuration

bencview_clean looks for its configuration at 3 places at start up.

1. At <tt>BENCVIEW_CONF</tt> env variable.
   (Its format is exactly similar to CL options.)

2. At the configuration file. Its default name is
   <tt>bencview.yaml</tt> and it can be stored in several
   system directories which are observable by <tt>--config--dirs</tt> CL
   option.

3. At command line.

Higher number levels overrides the values from lower number levels.

The configuration file must be in YAML format. Look into <tt>`gem env
gemdir`/gems/bencview-x.y.z/etc/</tt> directory for samples.

==Exit Status

The utility exits 0 on success, and >0 if an error occurs. For example,
if it read 3 files and 2 of them were invalid, the exit status will be 2
(the number of failures).

==Examples

 % bencview_clean foo.torrent bar.torrent
 % bencview_clean -v foobar.torrent
 % bencview_clean -a 'http://tracker.example.org' foobar.torrent

==See Also

{bencview}[link:doc/bencview.rdoc]
